jerry mauck they were pistol yet only
bruised any choked on sick Donna Bowman
free dog only rules of each oak not stop
or you all ghost is a dog
all eight girls and each of on sync
Donna Bowman edad only lose any chalk
now stop all your policies under
okay we finished up in DLS well let Jim
DiMaggio karoku Nagumo
yeah ahah just a minute Animoto video no
poaching prospect Iberian are so cheeky
old machi no kept a small team Wang Li
ji Zhou jingle opaza Lavazza director
Alberti it is a prostitute cap oily food
octopi echo mr. Staub release big red
football
ready graphically
we need
not the Quan Chi Walker at the style now
a crappy italki closed
there see yep on you Myers touching a
groove now new piggy stagnancy to
pagodas cut up technical area the keys
come up wanna knock on weight such grimy
orally with Shiva loves me yes sir
Buddha Bertie neve zedek ev'ry and naked
mother nujin Kenya to karoku Oh Bertie
Dinoco Nvidia give ear o at the despot
silent ago various on yep
peony fetches the vitamin K maniacally a
Bertie yes did stir up came ago yet and
yet grow the chibok a voltage kick Allah
where no process super mother the tuxedo
Lena's Bertie a little Ganesha textured
scared of Norma but I get to be Picasso
student where's Brad ski week Oh
my name is not your subjugation stroke
say I need some adult Mia Roberto I'm
Peggy Peggy Barrish demoniac emotion
edge tips palanga
yeah complete is like huge circuit in
both watch cup
30-day religious special aroma starts
garishness your doors negative manager
of my company store ever it is a special
puja here sit down shall you be touch
key up I have a friend list of junk -
yes HSB swag so there's girls ninotchka
hey Olli he has a mutuality a sky
football this was a blue demoted ocean
toilet cameras in it's about that ah
easy dirty and nicotine eat your tacos
Casati web shhh GTB dude
Rodriguez Bertie today near the chief is
native language cough ah spasiba Oh le
dimos - she doc hmm first ticket numbers
leave us with great here you ah doc can
yes the not alchemist is my Moroccan oil
incarnation Bertie
you